So right now we have our
router actually working.
So we can get into new pages,
we can go back,
we can go to even a page that doesn't
exist yet, but we have a problem.
For example, if I'm watching a movie,
and if I refresh,
I'm getting a 404, which is a problem for
us while we are coding our app.
Because it means that we need to
go all the time to the home page.
But it's also a problem for users,
because maybe the user is reloading,
maybe the user is not reloading.
But, for example, on mobile devices,
when you get out of the browser,
you come back later, sometimes
the browser got out of the memory and
it's going to reload the content.
And then the user will see a 404, and
the same happens if the user
is bookmarking that URL.
So even if I'm seeing something, the
Interstellar, and I wanna bookmark this,
I can bookmark this, but then when I
use the bookmark, it will give me 404.
So it's wrong, okay, so something's wrong.
By the way, why I'm getting 404?
Question for you.
>> Student 1: It's not a server route?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Because?
>> Student 1: It's not a server route.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Because
it's not a server route.
So when we refresh, also, if I copy and
paste this URL in a new tab,
this is creating a new
navigation to the server.
And the server doesn't
react to those URLs.
So let's solve that, because we
cannot publish an app in this state.
So now we are going back to the backend.
And I will go to main.go,
remember, in main.go,
we have all our handlers for every URL.
So something that we are going to do is,
before the FileServer handler,
because if you do that after,
it's not gonna work, the file server
handler should be the last fallback,
we're going to say something like this.
I'm going to refactor this while I'm
typing, so I'm going to say HandleFunct,
for example, /movies,
I wanna do something when the user,
from the server, or to the server,
is requesting /movies.
So I need to create a handler.
The thing is that, that handler
will also be needed for other URLs.
For example, maybe to movies/
something else, or maybe account.
We don't have that yet, but maybe in
the future, we'll have an account section.
So all the routes that we
are creating client-side,
should be defined here server-side.
I'm gonna use the same handler, so
I'm going to create the handler
that I can reuse, okay?
This handler will be, actually,
we can call this catchAllHandler,
or catchAllClientRoutesHandler,
however you wanna call this, okay?
It's gonna be a function that
follows the Handler pattern.
So we receive w as http.ResponseWriter,
and then we'll receive r,
that is typically a request by,
in this case, a pointer to Request.
And the next question is
what to do with this.
First, I will copy this, and
I will paste this on these three places,
okay?
But what do you think,
what should I do if the user is
requesting that URL server-side?
We're not doing server-side rendering,
okay, so
we are not rendering the movie here.
But where are the options?
What do you think?
So if the user is requesting /movies,
what should the server do?
There are two options.
Option 1, make an HTTP redirect,
that's 301 or
302, it depends on which
one do you wanna use.
Option 2, deliver the index.html,
so let's analyze both.
The first one is probably the one
that we are initially more
pushed to actually implement,
but it's not the right one.
So if I make a redirect, what will happen
is that the user will go to /movies,
and then the server will redirect me to /,
to the home page.
At least I won't get the 404, but
I won't get the movies page,
I will get the home page.
Maybe it's better than 404, but
it's still not the right solution, okay?
So the right solution is
to deliver the index.html,
on some server-side platforms,
not Go, it's called forwarding.
So it's not a redirect, it's a forward,
it's kind of a solution from a server.
We are not sending any instructions
to the client, actually,
we are going to serve one
particular file here.
We're going to actually say that I
wanna serve one file to that writer,
to that response writer,
with that request, and
we're going to serve public/index.html.
So not matter which URL we
are getting in the server of this,
at least those three groups.
And by the way, server-side,
this is actually a prefix.
So everything that's starting with movies,
will actually go to this
ClientRoutesHandler,
it's going to answer with the HTML, okay?
Let's see this in action and
see that there are more things
that we need to do now.
So if I refresh now on /movies,
so let's say /movies/14,
okay, there was Men in Black, I think,
so if I do this, I'm getting this.
So I'm getting something, not the 404,
I'm getting the index.html,
but it's not working,
does anyone know why?
Also, if I look at the console,
I may see some errors, and
also on the Network tab, if I reload,
I will probably see a lot of errors.
Now, actually not an error, but
the styles.css file is giving me an HTML,
app.js is giving me an HTML.
So something's kind of wrong, right?
Also, if I'm going to the root, the root
is working, okay, so the root is working.
The problem is this URL.
Does anyone know what's going on?
Why is that styles.css
is giving me an HTML?
Let me give you a hint.
If I open this in a new tab,
this is just the CSS,
there is a hint there of what's going on.
The URL, styles.css is trying
to grip that from movies.
>> Student 2: The server
is returning the HTML for
any URL that's-
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Any URL starting
with movies, including the CSS,
which leads to another problem,
style.css is not inside movies.
So when we are doing single
page application and
we are doing this trick of redirecting or
forwarding everything from
the server to index.html,
we need to go to index.html and change
every reference to an absolute reference.
So /styles.css, /app.webmanifest,
/images/icon, /app.js,
maybe the logo as well, and I think
that's the last resource that I have.
Also, we should change the base,
and I'll show you if you
have used that base,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: HTML element,
it's been with us since the 90s.
That base will actually define
the base for every link that you have.
When you have a link that is relative, is
not the case here because it start with /,
but if it's doesn't start with /,
it will use that base as a prefix.
Okay, that's makes sense?
So now when I'm going back here and
I'm checking movies/14,
if I refresh, I'm getting the right URL.
So I refresh, I'm getting the right URL.
Now we can even change the URL
with any other number, it works.
So what's going on here?
So we go to that URL to the server, the
server doesn't know it's Kung Fu Panda,
but the server says, it's start with
movies, let's send the index.html.
When the index.html starts, we start the
app, the app is initializing the router.
And the router verifies that you already,
says, you don't want a home,
you don't want that particular movie.
So it goes and
renders the right component.
Does it make sense?
And now if I go and click on movies,
so this is the real URL, so
the current navigation has a real URL,
this is the real URL.
But now if I go to movies, it's /,
so we can still fake the URL,
even if we are not starting from the /.